first 5-6 words are user input

only the highest probability:
The focus should be on the united states and our country is not a very good thing. 
America is the only country that we need to make america great again!   
Europe will need to think the democrats to get the border and the u.s. will be a very strong and very strong and border security and our military, vets, and will be the great
Voters showed the importance of the united states supreme court justice reform is a very good thing.       


top 2 words, based on probability distribution:
The focus should be on our great american worker who is a total loser!    go  to     a champion   trump   corrects them!     trump thanks.    we are
America is the only country needs to make america great again for the great again!   trump will be back on  nbc. thanks for the best of   the   best ever! 
Europe will need to think the u.s. is a total waste of money to our country and then we need a very bad deal. they will be the right thing to get the same
Voters showed the importance of the united nations governors. its a big mistake by the failing new york times for the united states, that they were very bad for our country, not even more

top 3 words, based on probability distribution:
The focus should be on your healthcare on immigration laws now! we will continue to make our country safe again! maga kag  maga  kag    maga kag     thank you!  maga   maga agenda.
America is the only country in our country and we are not going on a great job.  thank you for your a.  edison   to  see  the  best wishes.   the best of the art of the
Europe will need to think big tax cuts and we will be a big tax cuts. we have the right now. great state is the best in u.s.   history. the american people
Voters showed the importance of the democrats are doing very well as they have been going to get rid of. no collusion, so many are the democrats to take care of the dems and

top 5 words, based on probability distribution:
The focus should be on a lot of good start. they are doing great!      maga   tickets:  ciuzfcjei  gop cont  gop bei trump tower   !   thanks for usa!  i love
America is the only country needs you for all time. we must stop this country! makeamericagreatagain  trump trumparmy jealousy to make america safe!  maga    agenda.  i am a great job.  its time you got it to make
Europe will need to think that the american workers and their oil. people who want them to go on and others have gone on and now the dems are not to keep our government
Voters showed the importance of all time that i will never let this deal to protect our country.  we will make america great!  we must stop the u.s. embassy and secbernhardt! military